If he keeps following
There was no chance of escape
Anyway.
I have to earn his trust first
What's your trouble?
Brother Hu, I seem to have sprained my foot
Then I'll take you back.
No way.
If you don't shoot anything all afternoon
Fei Ge will punish me
What should I do?
Why don't you take some pictures for me?
It can be regarded as a cross with Fei Ge, I can't take pictures.
Oops, everyone can shoot
Let's take some pictures together
In case Fei Ge
Don't hide, don't worry
I will put it in the hidden album.
Fei Ge won't find out
Why is Cai Mengmeng here?
Luna, don't even think about running away
Stay here and make money
It turned out that you were the one who thanked the secret last time
How do you know?
If not for you
How could Brother Fei and Sister Hong find us so quickly?